# The subjects of Tate

In this project, modern and contemporary artworks are visualized according to the subjects they represent. This is done using the Tate Modern dataset, containing Avantgarde artworks which are indexed using the Subject index. This metadatum encodes the content of the artworks (i.e. People, Interiors, etc) in a hierarchical three-layer deep structure. The concept is to reverse the navigation of art from the frequently used painter/year/title navigation to a semantic one. The peculiarity is that the art used is weakly representational or even abstract. Although this effort is almost contradictory in nature as this art has a tendency to move away from a pure semantic identification, this aggregation opens up new perspectives and new ways of looking at this art. It generates a reflection on the side of the user into which forms and colors in Avantgarde art can still determine its content. Practically, the visualization is articulated along the z-axis, navigating hierarchically the structure of the index. The starting page features 14 slideshows in a grid with slightly staggered boxes (as in Figure 1). Each slideshow contains the images of one of the subjects at the first level and the animation selects randomly a box that is updated at any time.

### In js_files:
- [1to2](./js_files/1to2.js): contains a mapping from the classes of the first level to the corresponding classes of the second level. To be used for obtaining the grids to display after clicking on the first level class.
- [id2url](./js_files/id2url.js): contains a mapping from the image name (used in all dictionaries as id) to the url where the image is hosted. To be used after the image id is sample at either level to access the url.
- [metadata](./js_files/metadata.js): contains all the metadata of each image accessed by image name. To be used for the 4th screen where the image is displayed alongside the metadata.
- [subj1id](./js_files/subj1id.js): contains the list of images belonging to each category at level 1. To be used to sample the images to show in each box of the grid in the homepage.
- [subj2id](./js_files/subj2id.js): contains the list of images belonging to each category at level 2. To be used to sample the images to show in each box of the grid of subclasses in the 2nd screen.
- [order2subj](./js_files/order2subj.js): contains data for each subclass ordered by different factors (medium, artist, year, acquisition year).
